Congratulations to Miss Liu for finding the most significant other in the world
Gift red envelope Longguo Bank black card
The amount of tens of billions can be withdrawn at will
The three adults actually cleared the election for our house
With such a big gift?
Yun Shao, your face is so big
This is all for the weekend.
in the future
We have plenty of opportunities and these big shots
Calm down when dealing with it, haha.
Why don't I remember notifying them?
But my father does have a lot of face
Forget the culprit
Even Asura King and Murong Zong are addicted
My neighbor deserves to be called top class.
I didn't expect that after the Liu family came to the Lin family
To be so valued by these three big shots
It's going to take off.
Who says it's not?
Don't say anything else
Just the face of Tenglong Group is extraordinary
In the future, Yuncheng
I'm afraid that the Lin and Liu families have the final say together.
Lin Shao
I didn't expect it.
Murong of Tenglong Group is also in the alliance.
Oh, and
Congratulations on your marriage to Qingxue
It seems that Lin Qingxue won the bidding this time because of Lin Shao
Linna
I told you
If it weren't for Lin Shao?
Our house is clear snow
How can you get into the eyes of those big shots?
Lin Shao, our Qingxue will marry you
I really can't use up the blessings in this life
Thanks to the three big shots who took a fancy to the Lin family
I said that as long as Qingxue marries me
If you have a home, you can skyrocket
The future Yuncheng top stream must have the location of the Liu family
Hahahaha Lin Shaoyao
The top stream of Yuncheng will not be your Lin family
It will not be the Liu family
You say that in public
Don't you think you're funny?
Xiao Chen, how many times do you want me to say it?
You shut up
Never mind.
I'm happy tonight.
What else can this dog do besides barking?
My Lin family covers the sky in the hands of Yuncheng
I am the first big cover in Yuncheng
He can't think
Only jealous
Lou together is destined to be Lou Yi
Qingxue, marry me
Tonight I will let you fly to the branches and become a phoenix